Install add 'kubectl cert-manager x install' documentation (#655)
cert-manager/website: content/en/docs/installation/kubectl-plugin.md

---
title: "Kubectl plugin"
linkTitle: "Kubectl plugin"
weight: 21
type: "docs"
---

## Installing using the kubectl plugin

### Prerequisites

- **Have the [cert-manager kubectl plugin installed](../../usage/kubectl-plugin/#installation)**
- A Kubernetes or OpenShift cluster running a [supported version](../supported-releases/)
- cert-manager not already installed on the cluster
- [Prerequisites specific to your cloud provider](../compatibility/)

### Steps

The plugin provides the simplest way of installing cert-manager:
```bash
$ kubectl cert-manager x install
```
The command makes sure that the required `CustomResourceDefinitions` are installed together with the cert-manager, cainjector and webhook components.
Under the hood, a procedure similar to the [Helm install procedure](../helm/#steps) is used.

> All Helm templating parameters can also be used with the kubectl plugin.
> On the [cert-manager's ArtifactHub page](https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/cert-manager/cert-manager) a full list of the available **Helm values** can be found.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also use `kubectl cert-manager x install` to customize the installation of cert-manager.
```

The example below shows how to tune the cert-manager installation by overwriting the default Helm values:

```bash
$ kubectl cert-manager x install \
    --set prometheus.enabled=false \  # Example: disabling prometheus using a Helm parameter
    --set webhook.timeoutSeconds=4s   # Example: changing the wehbook timeout using a Helm parameter
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find [a full list of the install parameters on cert-manager's ArtifactHub page](https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/cert-manager/cert-manager#configuration). These are the same parameters that are available when using the Helm chart.
```
